Add K8s based CICD doc for SI (#5215)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/install-and-setup/setup/si-setup/si-cicd-k8s.md

[![K8s based CI/CD for Streaming Integrator]({{base_path}}/assets/img/deploy/si-cicd-k8s.png)]({{base_path}}/assets/img/deploy/mi-cicd-k8s.png)

> #### Deployment Descriptor Repository

Reviewer: Do we need to explain what these are?

Author: Added the explanation as the first bullet point.

> - We maintain Deployment Descriptor repositories in Github. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We maintain Deployment Descriptor repositories in GitHub. 
```

> - There will be Kubernetes yaml files for each project inside a separate folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There are Kubernetes YAML files for each project inside a separate folder.
```

- This repository will have three branches representing each deployment environment.
- To use a new version / rollback to a previous version, the user should define the version inside the respective `deployment.yaml` and commit to the respective branch.

#### Deployment Descriptor Jenkins Build Job

> - We need to maintain one Jenkins job per Environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Maintain one Jenkins job per Environment.
```

> - This job contains only the build phase. This will apply the relevant yaml files in the relevant environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This job contains only the build phase. This will apply the relevant YAML files in the relevant environment.
```

### Kubernetes artifacts

> Sample Kubernetes artifacts for a stateless deployment have been provided below. You can extend the below yaml files to introduce other components. (eg: configMaps, Ingress etc) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sample Kubernetes artifacts for a stateless deployment have been provided below. You can extend the below YAML files to introduce other components. (e.g., configMaps, Ingress, etc.) 
```

          containerPort: 9443
          protocol: "TCP"
        -
          containerPort: 9711
          protocol: "TCP"
        -
          containerPort: 9611
          protocol: "TCP"
        -
          containerPort: 7711
          protocol: "TCP"
        -
          containerPort: 7611
          protocol: "TCP"
```

```yaml tab="Service"
apiVersion: "v1"
kind: "Service"
metadata:
  name: "si-service"
spec:
  type: "ClusterIP"
  selector:
    app: "integration"
  ports:
    # ports that this service should serve on
    -
      name: pass-through-http
      protocol: TCP
      port: 9090
    -
      name: servlet-https
      protocol: TCP
      port: 9443
    -
      name: http-port-1
      protocol: TCP
      port: 9711
    -
      name: http-port-2
      protocol: TCP
      port: 9611
    -
      name: http-port-3
      protocol: TCP
      port: 7711
    -
      name: http-port-4
      protocol: TCP
      port: 7611
```

    
## Setting up the environment

### Prerequisites

1. Streaming Integrator Tooling

2. GitHub repository - To maintain the descriptor files of each environment

3. Jenkins server for Continuous Deployment

4. Docker registry - To store the SI images.

> 5. Kubernetes cluster with 3 different namespaces (dev, staging, prod)

Reviewer: Should be unordered bullets. We should use numbers only when the order of steps is important/relevant.

Author: Fixed

> ### Sample User guide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Sample user guide
```

> 1. Clone the [samples-apim](https://github.com/wso2/samples-apim/) repository

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Clone the [samples-apim](https://github.com/wso2/samples-apim/) repository.
```

            # use streaming-integrator-base-image
            FROM wso2/wso2si:4.0.0
            MAINTAINER WSO2 Docker Maintainers "dev@wso2.org"
            
            ARG STREAMING_INTEGRATOR_HOME=/home/wso2carbon/wso2si-4.0.0
            ARG HOST_BUNDLES_DIR=./bundles
            ARG HOST_JARS_DIR=./jars
            ARG HOST_APPS_DIR=./siddhi-files
            ARG JARS=${STREAMING_INTEGRATOR_HOME}/lib
            ARG BUNDLES=${STREAMING_INTEGRATOR_HOME}/lib
            ARG APPS=${STREAMING_INTEGRATOR_HOME}/wso2/server/deployment/siddhi-files
            ARG CONFIG_FILE=./configurations.yaml
            ARG CONFIG_FILE_PATH=${HOME}/configurations.yaml
            
            # copy bundles & jars to the siddhi-runner distribution
            COPY ${HOST_APPS_DIR}/ ${APPS}
            
            # expose ports
            EXPOSE 9090 9443 9712 9612 7711 7611 7070 7443

4. Confirm that the Docker image is available in the Docker registry.
5. [Set up Jenkins server](#setting-up-jenkins-server)
6. Use the above mentioned [Kubernetes artifacts](#kubernetes-artifacts) to create the Kubernetes deployment files.

> 7. Move the kubernetes artifacts files into a folder with the project name. This folder will contain Kubernetes artifacts for a particular project.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Move the Kubernetes artifacts files into a folder with the project name. This folder will contain Kubernetes artifacts for a particular project.
```

> 8. Commit the above project folder in to the Deployment Descriptor repo under dev branch. If you have multiple projects, you can commit them as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Commit the above project folder into the Deployment Descriptor repository under dev branch. If you have multiple projects, you can commit them as well.
```

> 9. Once you commit the changes, you can observe that the descriptor-dev job starts running and it applies the Yaml files into the Dev namespace in Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Once you commit the changes, you can observe that the `descriptor-dev` job starts running and it applies the YAML files into the Dev namespace in Kubernetes cluster.
```

Let's put all names of jobs, etc. between single backticks.

10. Verify that the new changes are available in the Dev environment.
11. You can repeat steps 8, 9 and 10 for the Staging and Prod environment.

#### Setting up Jenkins server

1. Docker scripts for setting up a Jenkins environment are provided inside `samples-apim/si-cicd`. This will spin up a preconfigured Docker image. By default, 3 Jenkins jobs will be created. One each for the environment descriptor branches (dev, staging, prod).

2. Descriptor repository will be maintained in GitHub.

3. Navigate to the Docker K8s artifacts directory.

      `cd sample-apim/si-cicd/docker-k8s-artifacts/`

4. Open up the Dockerfile and fill up the project and environment related details.

      `vi Dockerfile`

> 5. [Optional] If you want to customize the Jenkins configuration, update the Jenkins_casc.yaml file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. [Optional] If you want to customize the Jenkins configuration, update the `Jenkins_casc.yaml` file.
```
Shall we provide the exact location of the file?

      `vi jenkins_casc.yaml`

6. Run the following build command to build the Docker image.

      `docker build -t <image-name>:<image-tag> .`

> 7. Run the following command to run the image. You need to configure the .ssh folder to access the dev, staging and production environment and mount the folder to the container.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Run the following command to run the image. You need to configure the .ssh folder to access the dev, staging, and production environment and mount the folder to the container.
```

[![K8s based CI/CD for Streaming Integrator]({{base_path}}/assets/img/deploy/si-cicd-k8s.png)]({{base_path}}/assets/img/deploy/mi-cicd-k8s.png)

#### Deployment Descriptor Repository
- This repository will be used to track the Siddhi apps/deployments in each environment.
- We maintain the Deployment Descriptor repository in GitHub. 
- There are Kubernetes YAML files for each project inside a separate folder.
- This repository will have three branches representing each deployment environment.
- To use a new version / rollback to a previous version, the user should define the version inside the respective `deployment.yaml` and commit to the respective branch.

#### Deployment Descriptor Jenkins Build Job
- Maintain one Jenkins job per Environment.
- This job contains only the build phase. This will apply the relevant YAML files in the relevant environment.

> ### Kubernetes artifacts

Reviewer 2: is there a place we say recommended si server resources ? there shall we add the recommended ram and cpu

Reviewer 2: Also lets mention this is a reference guide for active active deployment where we can scale horizontally and we can point to 4.0.0 guide of this content for other deployment patterns https://ei.docs.wso2.com/en/latest/streaming-integrator/setup/deploying-si-as-an-active-active-deployment/

Author: Regarding the si server resources, the recommended ram and CPU is given in the shared deployment.yaml.

Author: I mentioned the deployment patterns as you requested. Please review
